.TH usm 1 "27 May 2014" "Version 2.0" "THE USER SOFTWARE MANAGER"
.SH NAME
.B usm 
\- The User Software Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B usm
<command> ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
USM is a software manager, which is designed to organize programs and scripts that you
use personally but which are not provided by the system package manager. USM configures
your PATH (and other environment variables) to allow you to run these programs as easily
as you run system software.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
usm help
Shows a help page, summarizing the different commands and their arguments.
.TP
usm init
Create an initial $USM_PATH and ~/.usm-env. (You should avoid using this, since the
bootstrap script provided should do this for you).
.TP
usm copy-script
Copies the startup script into ~/.usm-env. (You should avoid using this, since the
bootstrap script provided should do this for you).
.TP
usm add SOFTWARE VERSION
Creates a new directory for VERSION of SOFTWARE. If VERSION is the first verison
to be added, this also makes VERSION the current VERSION for software.
.TP
usm set-current SOFTWARE VERSION
Changes the version which is added to your PATH and other environment variables.
.TP
usm ls [SOFTWARE ...]
Lists out all software along with the versions of each software. Specific software can
be given, and versions of those specific software will be listed instead.
.TP
usm path SOFTWARE VERSION
Prints out the absolute path to VERSION of SOFTWARE.
.TP
usm rm SOFTWARE VERSION
Removes VERSION of SOFTWARE. If VERSION is the only VERSION of software, then the
directory where SOFTWARE is stored is removed.
.SH FILES AND DIRECTORIES
.TP
~/.usm-env
This script updates the environment variables PATH, PKG_CONFIG_PATH, and MANPATH.
It is also the location where USM_PATH is first loaded. You want to source this
script in your shell in order to get access to USM programs.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
USM_PATH
This controls the place where programs managed by USM are stored.
.TP
PATH, PKG_CONFIG_PATH, MANPATH
These variables are updated by USM to allow for smoother interaction between shell use
and software managed by USM.
.SH AUTHOR
adamnew123456 <adamnew123456@gmail.com> and on GitHub
.SH SEE ALSO
usm-lib-helper(1) is part of the USM package.
